--Paradise--

Captain's Report:
	There exists a true paradise. It is located on a planet that orbits a gas giant in an unknown tertiary star system.
Due to the unique combination of distance from its 3 stars, the planet maintains a stable temperate climate at all times
across the entire surface of the planet. Fifty percent of the planet is covered in land and the other fifty percent is water.
The temperature and soil quality across the surface of the planet enables the growth of an immense amount of plant life both on
the surface and in the oceans. The plants have incredible biodiversity. The plants are nutrition rich enough to provide enough nutrients to allow
every species on the planet to thrive. There are no carnivore species on this planet. Fossil records suggest that many species used to be carnivore.
However, without any naturally occuring ice caps, many conventional methods of carbon dating and ice core analysis are not possible. Without
these tests, it is impossible to determine the course of the climate changes on this planet, and so it is impossible to determine when changes occured in
the species on the planet.

Anthropology Report:
	The dominent species on the planet are a bipedal race of humanoids. These species is designated as species alpha of this system. They are a highly
intelligent people. From our contact with the species, we know that they think highly of life in general. We were welcomed with open arms in to their society.
They live largely as nomads. The few structures they have built are small and ornate. They are not particularly religious but they do treat their planet with
great reverence. One of our security forces tried to hunt the local wildlife for food. They incarcerated her for a few weeks. I thought it was a setback at first.
But it was a great oppertunity to see their judicial system. There isn't one. They did not have a jail cell to place the security officer. One of their few buildings
was repurposed to function as a jail cell. The building used to be a primary school so it is nothing like prison on our planet. The officer is being treated very well
while serving her sentence. The officer has agreed to serve her sentence. 

Security Report:
	A whole lotta nothin'. I'm gonna play golf tomorrow. One of my guys is being held in pre-school. I went to see her today, she's a good sport about it.
Looked to me like she was  more upset about not getting to hunt on the planet than being held in "prison". God I hate this planet.

Geology Report:
	I'll cut through the chase. All the boring shit is recorded in the logs anyway. There are tunnels under the surface of the planet. These are big tunnels
that are almost exactly 50 meter in diameter. These tunnels snake all across the surface of the planet. At first I thought these were caused by some great beast the
lived on the planet a long ass time ago. But the tunnels go all the way down to the core. Some of the crew seem to think that the planet was blessed by lady luck herself 
but there's always an explaination. Take my explaination as gospel because the tunnels are distributing geothermal heat directly to the surface. This heat transfer regulates
the surface temperature and the climate. Now the question is, how did these tunnels come to be. Not having ice caps to work with really sucks.  
