--Our Man--

There was once a man who might still exist. The man was strong willed, head strong and used to strong arm everyone. The man went to work one day and in a deep voice said to his boss, "I'll be taking some time off next week." The boss, also a man's man, exclaimed to the man, "You'll do no such thing! We've got a deadline next week!" Both men stared at eachother. A third man named Bob who was working on the shop floor, looked up from his work and noticed that contrary to the laws of physics, the space between the two men had grown to 1000 yards. Bob, the steely eyed sonofabitch that he was, did not react to the warp in space-time and went back to spot welding his joists. The two men who created the rift in space-time went back to work and egg-heads around the world let out a sigh of relief.

The man, our man, drove home from work. Going just slow enough in his truck to not be stopped by the cops and fast enough to not seem like a something-or-other. It would have been about 15km/h over the limit. Windows down, cold winter breeze in his hair, listening to a song with a lot of guitar. The man got home parked his truck parallel. Parallel to what no one knows. He walked up to his front door, opened it and heard a creak. "Needs oiling." He thought. "This weekend." He thought. The house smelled like food. He couldn't make out what he was smelling but it was definately big food. 

The man sat down in his recliner. Used the remote on the arm rest to turn on the TV to sports. He watched for 15 minutes and fell asleep in the chair. 30 minutes later, He was awoken by something. By the TV he thought but couldn't be sure. There was dinner in a tray resting across the arm rests of the chair. There was a cold beer in the cupholder of the chair. It was big food as he'd predicted, almost 5 and 3/4 lbs. The man ate and drank. 

The game on the TV ended as the man finished his meal. The Cows and the Boys tied 14.5 to 14.5. Then the man went to his bedroom and fell on the bed. This time he went to sleep in ernest. He had a dream that showed him running the company and firing his boss. While he was firing his boss, his boss pulled out a water pistol and shot our man with a 38 calibur bullet. The man in the dream stroked his chin as if to consider the matter. 

The man jolted awake. He went from 180 degrees to 90 degrees in an instant as if propelled by a spring. He did this every morning. In a few years, a doctor will look shocked at an x-ray of the man's back. But for now it was time for another day. Suddenly, as if out of the void, a shadowy figure moved in the corner of his eye. He twisted his neck to catch a glimpse of the specter. He saw the cover of the other side of his king sized bed fly into the air. Being superior to most men, he also had superior reaction. He saw it all in slow motion. For a second, a sharp fear came over him. The pit of his stomach was burning hot, his heart pounded so quickly that it froze him in place. Something ancient in his brain told him to run, told him this was death. However, being superior to most men, he quieted the weakness in his head and deduced that it must be a draft. As the cover came fluttering down, he saw that there was nothing on the other side. 

"Gotta replace those windows. Driving up my electricity bill." He said. "This weekend." He reminded himself.

That evening, the man got home from work. As he opened the door he noticed that the door did not creak anymore. He gave it a few good tries but the thing made no noise at all. "Great! One less thing to worry about this weekend." He thought. The man ate his dinner that appeared at the appointed time. The game ended again in a tie. The man went to sleep as he normally did.
